This semi-major version update is one step closer to a stable 1.0 release.
It includes several fixes to issues submitted to Callisto's Google Code page, but please remember that the 'Protostar' means 'Beta'.

    Feature: Brand new looks! -- That's right! A brand new, color coordinated, skin!
    Fix: Network handling -- Better handling for a crappy or nonexistent network connection.
    Fix: Timezone -- Should be fixed for timezone translation for the calendar.
    Feature: Non-US dates -- Fixed the order for dates for "dd/mm" people.
    Fix: Crash on rotate -- Fixed crashing when rotating with a progress dialog open.
    Fix: IRC Background -- Fixed the background not sticking; other color settings should better as well.
    Fix: Calendar days misalign -- Calendar days in landscape should now be all the same height.
	Feature: IRC timeout -- Will try to connect until a specified time.
	Feature: IRC retries -- Upon given an issue, will retry multiple times.
	Fix: IRC message discrenpencies -- Fixed messages being skipped, going to the wrong screen, or duplicating.
	Fix: IRC auto-identify -- This should now work flawlessly, assuming you enter the right password.
	Feature: IRC obfusication -- Encryption is impossible for locally stored passwords, but obfusication is now done on nicks & passwords.
	Feature: IRC Change Nick -- Added a dialog to easily change your nick.
	Feature: IRC Links color -- Added ability to change the color of URLs.
	Feature: IRC Reset Colors -- Added ability to reset the colors. Because my default choices RULE!
	Fix: Linux Action Show icon -- Made a temporary workaround to supply a different icon for LAS.
	Feature: Pretty Contact -- Prettified the contact form.
    Feature: Unwatched Count -- Switched from background to unwatched count in all shows view.
    FEATURE: Video support! -- Unstable, but ability to have video!
    Fix: Reordered shows -- Switch from "random" to "alphabetical".
    Fix: Dialog crash -- Fixed an issue where a dialog would crash the app if you leave the app before it tries to dismiss.
    Feature: IRC Modes -- Added option to display the special characters before nicks with certain modes (e.g. '@' for Operators).
    Feature: Better Header! -- Revamped way of handling the headers in "All Shows"; should now be more smooth of an experience.
    Feature: Show completed downloads -- That's right! Now you can see your completed downloads!
    Feature: Better download handling -- Now downloading will not burn through your CPU if you have a network problem or if the file doesn't exist. It will try a certain number of times, then give up and go on to the next file.
    Feature: Persistent downloads -- Downloads are now saved across app boots, and can be paused and resumed.
    Feature: Download Speed -- Rudimentary at this point, but now you can see how fast you are currently downloading.
    Feature: Pretty progress meter -- Now for things like the Queue and Downloads, the progress meter is behind the view!
    Fix: Local file detection -- Browsing the episodes of a show should now show bold for something that has been downloaded, and italic for something that has been downloaded incomplete.
    Feature: Remaining time in queue -- Each item in the queue uses the new prettified progress bar to show how much has been watched.
    Fix: IRC sticky keyboard -- Keyboard should no longer autohide after sending EVERY SINGLE MESSAGE.
    Feature: Loading BACON! -- Made the loading dialog far more appealing.
    Feature: Force refresh -- Added ability to clear all episodes of a show and refresh from scratch.
    Feature: IRC Vibrate -- Added ability to vibrate on mention(s).
    Feature: Skip Updating Inactive -- Added option to only update the active shows.
    Feature: IRC Emoticons -- Added option to have emoticons in the chat.
    Fix: Lack of SD -- Now detects when there is no SD or external storage.
    Note: Disabled reordering downloads -- Temporarily removed the ability to reorder downloads. I'll put it back in after this release, it's just a pain with the drag-and-drop and all the changes made.
    Fix: Scrolling gap thing -- On the Episode Description view there used to be a little gap between the scrollview and the controls, and uh...now there isn't. I can't believe you're still reading all these notes, good on you.
    Fix: Calendar OCD -- Put in a quick hack to fix the differing "Linux Action Show" and "The Linux Action Show!" because it was driving me crazy and the latter was way too long.
    Fix: Less annoying notifications -- Notifications such as playing and IRC no longer notify you when launching, they just start.
    Fix: Nick Change dialog -- Fixed where it does not display correctly and does not dismiss.
    Note: Switched to the OSL -- From this version forward, Callisto will be released under the Open Software License v3.0. -- To read more about the decision to change licenses, visit: http://code.google.com/p/callisto-app/wiki/LicenseChange.
    Note: More dev friendly! -- More Javadocs, more comments, better named variables, more organized code....tons of stuff to make it easier for anybody who wants to contribute!
	Special Thanks -- VoNWooDSoN, for being the first other person to make a commit to the project -- sikory & joren, for helping with the obfusication problem -- JupiterBroadcasting, for being awesome, as always.

If you have a problem or question, please don't 1-star the app without at least filing an issue on Google Code or sending me an e-mail. Neither of them cost you anything, barely take you any time, and helps me tremendously to make Callisto better for you.

This release is dedicated to nogal, for just generally being awesome; thanks for all the encouragement, continual bug reports, and just niceness about you.

	-MrQweex